add changelog for date filter (#110)
dimagi/open-chat-studio-docs: docs/changelog.md

---

# Changelog
## June 3, 2025

> * **NEW** Added a date range filter dropdown to filter sessions by last_message using relative ranges like past 1 hour, 1 day, 7 days, etc.
> * **NEW** Added support for range operator on timestamp columns to filter data by relative date ranges like past 1 hour, 1 day, 7 days, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **NEW** Added support for filtering Chatbot sessions by relative date ranges. This adds the `range` operator as a filter option for date parameters and with options such as `1 hour`, `1 day`. In addition, a top level filter is added which allows quick filtering of Chatbot sessions by 'Last Message' field.
```

---

# Changelog
## June 3, 2025

> * **NEW** Added support for filtering Chatbot sessions by relative date ranges. This adds the `range` operator as a filter option for date parameters and with options such as `1 hour`, `1 day`. In addition, a top level filter is added which allows quick filtering of Chatbot sessions by 'Last Message' field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **NEW** Added support for filtering Chatbot sessions by relative date ranges. This adds the `range` operator as a filter option for date parameters with options such as `1 hour`, `1 day`. In addition, a top level filter is added which allows quick filtering of Chatbot sessions by 'Last Message' field.
```
